Add structure for advanced single cell module (#562)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: scRNA-seq-advanced/README.md

# Advanced scRNA-seq Training Module

This Childhood Cancer Data Lab-designed module covers more advanced topics in the analysis of single-cell RNA-seq data.

> The module builds on material in the [scRNA-seq  module](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/tree/master/scRNA-seq), and analyses are designed to be performed within a [Docker container](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/tree/master/docker-install) or on the CCDL RStudio server.

Reviewer: CCDL --> Data Lab rebranding 

```suggestion
The module builds on material in the [scRNA-seq  module](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/tree/master/scRNA-seq), and analyses are designed to be performed within a [Docker container](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/tree/master/docker-install) or on the Data Lab RStudio server.
```

> It covers cell-type identification, integration of multiple single-cell libraries, and differential expression analyses, among other related topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It covers cell-type identification, integration of multiple single-cell RNA-seq libraries, and differential expression analyses, among other related topics.
```

Suggestion to be clear that we're not doing multiomics. Take or leave it, your call!
